Minus 15... 14... 13... 10... 9... 8... 7... 6... 5... 4... We've gone for
main engine start, we have main engine start...
America's first space shuttle! As the shuttle has cleared the tower.
[Silence.]
This is Houston. You're going throttle up. Roger, go throttle up.
Columbia...
[Silence.]
Roger on the set Columbia.
Mark 2.20. Confirmed solid rocket booster set.
[Silence.]
hey we got seps
roger we confirm the seps for you
[Silence.]
And the vehicle is just performing beautifully much better than anyone ever
expected to do on a first flight, and I think we've got something that's really
going to mean something to the country and the world. This vehicle is performing
like a champ like all of us that have worked so long on the knew that you would.
[Silence.]
Bob Crippen attempting to get at the
oxide canisters.
[Silence.]
Columbia, this is Houston through Yargody. We are standing by. Certain was on
time but now going, it's here's 1:10.
[Silence.]
Columbia you're really looking good right on the money right on the money
you're right on the glide slope Columbia
yeah that's real good underneath
[Silence.]
180 knots everything looks real good
Sorting.
They're coming. 15 feet, 40, 30, 20, 10, 5, 4, 3, 2 1, touchdown. Close gears,
10 feet.
5 4 3 touchdown Welcome home, Skipper.
[Silence.]
Welcome home, Columbia. Beautiful, beautiful.
I'm gonna take it up for hangar, Joe.
We're gonna dust it off first. Roger.
[Silence.]